henmi@ism.ac.jp,  matsuzoe@nitech.ac.jp, S.R.Marsland@massey.ac.nz, gchirik1@jhu.edu, ohara@fuee.u-fukui.ac.jp,giovanni.pistone@carloalberto.org, luigi.montrucchio@carloalberto.org,stummer@math.fau.de, anna-lena.kisslinger@fau.de,tkleonardwong@gmail.com,salem.said@u-bordeaux.fr, yannick.berthoumieu@ims-bordeaux.fr,frederic.barbaresco@thalesgroup.com,junz@umich.edu, Jan.Naudts@uantwerpen.be, pmarriott@uwaterloo.ca ,Maroufy, Vahed.Maroufy@uth.tmc.edu 


henmi@ism.ac.jp,  matsuzoe@nitech.ac.jp,
S.R.Marsland@massey.ac.nz,
gchirik1@jhu.edu, 
ohara@fuee.u-fukui.ac.jp,
giovanni.pistone@carloalberto.org,luigi.montrucchio@carloalberto.org,
stummer@math.fau.de, anna-lena.kisslinger@fau.de,
tkleonardwong@gmail.com,
salem.said@u-bordeaux.fr, yannick.berthoumieu@ims-bordeaux.fr,
frederic.barbaresco@thalesgroup.com,
junz@umich.edu, Jan.Naudts@uantwerpen.be,

Michel Broniatowski from Sorbonne UPMC Paris VI
michel.broniatowski@courriel.upmc.fr. 

----

12 contributions  (200 pages)

  241  11+17+50+32+11+40+15+13+52



11 p -	Generalising Frailty Assumptions in Survival Analysis: a Geometric Approach
Vahed Maroufy and Paul Marriott	
 
17 p - "Information Geometry of non-parametric exponential models" 
Luigi Montrucchio and Giovanni Pistone (Collegio Carlo Alberto, Italy)
 
50 p - Warped Riemannian metrics for location-scale models
Salem Said, Lionel Bombrun, Yannick Berthoumieu
	
32 p - Information-Theoretic Matrix Inequalities and Diffusion Processes on Unimodular Lie Groups
Gregory S. Chirikjian

32 p - Information geometry in portfolio theory 
Ting-Kam Leonard Wong

11 p - Rho-Tau Embedding of Statistical Models
Jan Naudts and Jun Zhang

40 p - Jean-Louis Koszul and the elementary structures of Information Geometry
Barbaresco


15 p - Conformal flattening on the probability simplex and its applications to Voronoi partitions and centroids.
Ohara

13 p -  Statistical Manifolds Admitting Torsion and Partially Flat Spaces
Masayuki Henmi and Hiroshi Matsuzoe

52 p - Some Universal Insights on Divergences for Statistics, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence

----


- Statistical manifolds admitting torsion induced from estimating functions
Prof Henmi + Matsuzoe

- Marsland, WEITZENBOCK SPACE

- Title:  Information Theory and Diffusion Processes on Unimodular Lie Groups
by Professor Chirikjian
Abstract:

Unimodular Lie groups admit natural generalizations of many of the core concepts on which classical 
information-theoretic inequalities are built.  Specifically, they have the properties of shift-invariant integration, 
an associative convolution operator, well-defined diffusion processes, and concepts of Entropy, Fisher information,
Gaussian distribution, and Fourier transform. Equipped with these definitions, it is shown which inequalities from
classical information theory generalize to this setting, and which do not.


-Atsumi, survey

Title:
- A sequential structure of statistical manifolds and Hessian manifolds on deformed exponential families
by Hiroshi Matsuzoe

A deformed exponential family is a generalization of
exponential family, and it plays an important role
in anomalous statistics.
It is known that a deformed exponential family
naturally has two kinds of dualistic Hessian structures.
In a recent study, it is showed that a deformed
exponential family has a sequential structure of
statistical manifolds.
In this paper, we elucidate the relation between
Hessian structures and the sequential structure
of statistical manifolds on a deformed exponential family. 

 


- New Data-Set-Size Asymptotics of Scaled Bregman Distances
Wolfgang Stummer  Anna-Lena Kissilinger2
30-40 pages

- Information geometry in portfolio theory.
Leonard Wong
about 25-30 pages

-  Warped Riemannian metrics for location-scale models (20 pages)
authors : Salem Said, Lionel Bombrun, Yannick Berthoumieu

- Legendre Structure of Information Geometry based on Covariant Souriau Lie Group Thermodynamics Model
Frédéric Barbaresco


- Statistical models under arbitrary monotone embeddings.
Authors: Jan Naudts and Jun Zhang
Abstract:
The standard model of information geometry combines the Fisher-Rao metric
with a one-parameter family of connections, which is obtained by modifying the
conventional logarithmic embedding. In models belonging to a deformed exponential
family both the exponential and the logarithmic embeddings are modified
independently. This opens up the possibility to model both the local properties,
expressed in the metric tensor, and the global properties reflected by the geodesics.

Estimated length: 10 to 15 pages.