 1/ *** Review report for the Author(s) ***

I review this chapter as an engineer who has some experience with geometry, topology, and groups. This is an interesting chapter revealing many fundamental connections between harmonic analysis and groups. The author states that the chapter is a summary of material from his past books [35] and [36]. I am not sure what is the larger theme of the proposed book that is being developed. In case it is meant for wider readership among applied researchers, I wonder if perhaps simplifying presentation and restricting to one or two specific applications could better serve that purpose. I suggest some opportunities where the exposition could be helped to make it more accessible. One could illustrate many of the basic concepts like convolutions of functions defined over groups with one or two simple examples, if possible visualized as well. While some hints are given as to applications of SE(n), SO(n) in engineering applications, their development is bare-bones. For instance, early in the chapter could the author identify an application where diffusion over SO(3) is a core concern, skate over the mathematical details, motivate via results why a deeper study of the proposed concepts helps in concrete ways over simpler techniques. Then the chapter could dive in to the math core. i feel one motivating use case applied early on in the chapter will help engineering readers get hooked. Also, would it be possible to present "recipe" versions of the various constructions proposed, e.g. the bi-invariant measure. If not, atleast identifying some of the concepts that seem to amenable to a recipe form might help. For instance, computing Frechet means and general statistics on manifolds is more or less available in a recipe form now: thanks to the body of work of Pennec, Srivastava etc. subject to disclaimers like the pdf needs to be "concentrated" without being precise. I see the author has made similar effort in various places, so I think the jump is not too significant to enable the presentation to be a bit-more more engineer-friendly. I think SO(3), and SE(3) examples are ripe to be developed for broader consumption: there is historical interest in them from robotics, more recently also from the vision community looking at human actions, and also from the graphics community.


